the tale must be Hollow so there's
plenty of room for the counterweight to
swing forward and back this structure is
called the camelbak and it fits on top
of the tail or on top of fuselage layers
of foam lewd together
speed it up here a bit
after we make the rough touch with hot
wire tool will sand it down smooth
the reason we have the camelbak is
actually because we're using a track I
our system it's an infrared tracker
that's aimed at the helmet but we need
to block the light from coming in around
the pilots ailments that's all this
really does just blocks the light from
here it is sanded
and here you can see we're experimenting
with a couple of exhaust pipes on the
back of the simulator
I was a little worried about the weight
of all these different pieces that maybe
the added weight would somehow affect
the way the controls feel but that's not
the case works fine
now in the shot you might be able to see
that we've been using the foam coat on
the nose cone of the simulator applying
the foam coat and then sanding it and
applying it some more trying to get that
nose as smooth as possible